Choke on it: No using Gas Masks
The Amish: No using field upgrades
Judge, Jury and Executioner: No buying back teammates
Prison Snake: If sent to the gulag you must lay down and crawl for the duration of your fight.
EMP: No killstreaks (ex: no UAV, cluster strikes, etc)
Lucky Duck: No special rules.
Choose Wisely: You can only loot one house/building (can loot bodies).
Respect the Dead: No looting bodies.
Grounded: You can only loot the bottom story/floor of any building/house/structure.
Vehicular Manslaughter: If you are in a vehicle you must attempt run over any player you see.
Stay Low: You can only move around when crouched, prone or in a vehicle.
Cop Mode: you cannot shoot at someone until they start shooting at you.
Bird Watcher: You must go to every loadout drop you see falling.
Slim Pickings: You can only loot loadout drops, get a vehicle and find that drop.
Gephyrophobia: You are deathly afraid of bridges, you must swim or go around when you encounter a bridge
Heads Up: You must fire at least 3 warning shots close to the enemy before hitting them.
Viking Funeral: If you have a Molotov you must throw it on an enemies body after downing them in order to send them to Valhalla.
Afraid of heights: you can't go above the first story of any building.
Spread Out: If in a group, all party members must pick separate locations to drop and then meet up.
Carpooling Sucks: If in a group, everyone must drive their own vehicle.
xxXMontageXxx: If you have a scoped weapon, you must do a 360 before you can shoot.
Roadrage: Only vehicle kills, no guns or grenades.
Guardian Angel: Follow the first player/squad you find and protect them from other without letting them know that you are there, you may not harm them. If they die they you commit suicide.
Paraglider: Jump in the middle of the plane path and pull your chute straight away. Glide to the furthest point away from the path.
Blitz: Jump as soon as possible and dive straight down. Then hunt other players as fast as possible with your pistol
Silence is Golden: No speaking to teammates only can communicate through in game movements.
Farmer: Jump from plane with the AFK'ers.
Low Profile: While moving on foot you can only crawl. (Once stationary any stance is allowed. Vehicles allowed.)
Vape Nation: You must throw a smoke grenade every time you see an enemy.
Switch It Up: Every time you kill someone, you have to switch your weapon that you used to kill them, with one of their weapons.
Lounge Chair: you can only get kills from a vehicle (no roadkill's, shooting from a seat)
Suppressed Only: Whichever suppressed weapon you find first is now the only weapon you can use.
Grave Robber: You can only keep what you kill (After the first gas circle you can only loot dead bodies you've killed).
Beware the man with one gun, he knows how to use it: Only use one gun.
Stay Quiet: You're only allowed to use a weapon if they have a suppressor.
Hot Potato: Every grenade you see(frag, flash ,smoke, & molotov) you must pick up and immediately throw it .
Entamaphobia: Cannot open doors, must either loot open structures or doors already open
Hey That's Mine: you and your squad have to find a vehicle and guard it with your lives. If an enemy takes it you have to commit suicide.
Trigger happy: You can only use the full automatic on weapons (if they have it) and once you start firing you can't stop un till your mag is empty.
Death from Above: Take the first helicopter you see and hunt people down with it.
Fly Swatter: Your sole goal in life is to take down every helicopter you see.
Why did the chicken do it: Any time you cross a road you must crouch across.
Fisherman: Anytime you cross a river, you must lay down and say hello to the fishies.
King of the hill: Find the tallest point in each zone and camp it.