Choke on it: No using Gas Masks
The Amish: No using field upgrades
Prison Snake: If sent to the gulag you must lay down and crawl for the duration of your fight.
EMP: No killstreaks (ex: no UAV, cluster strikes, etc)
Lucky Duck: No special rules.
Respect the Dead: No looting bodies. (Only ammo,plates,cash)
Stay Low: You can only move around when crouched, prone or in a vehicle.
Gephyrophobia: You are deathly afraid of bridges, you must swim or go around when you encounter a bridge.
Viking Funeral: If you have a Molotov you must throw it on an enemies body after downing them in order to send them to Valhalla.
Spread Out: If in a group, all party members must pick separate locations to drop and then meet up.
Carpooling Sucks: If in a group, everyone must drive their own vehicle.
Paraglider: Jump in the middle of the plane path and pull your chute straight away. Glide to the furthest point away from the path.
Silence is Golden: No speaking to teammates only can communicate through in game movements.
Farmer: Jump from plane with the AFK'ers.
Vape Nation: You must throw a smoke grenade every time you see an enemy.
Switch It Up: Every time you kill someone, you have to switch your weapon that you used to kill them, with one of their weapons.
Suppressed Only: Only suppressed weapons allowed.
Beware the man with one gun, he knows how to use it: Only use one gun.
Hot Potato: Every grenade you see (frag, flash ,smoke, & molotov) you must pick up and immediately throw it .
Hey That's Mine: you and your squad have to find a vehicle and guard it with your lives. If an enemy takes it you have to commit suicide.
Death from Above: Helicopter warfare only. Someone has to be in a helicopter at all times.
Why did the chicken do it: Any time you cross a road you must crouch across.
Fisherman: Anytime you cross a river, you must lay down and say hello to the fishies.
Follow the Leader: Player with the least kills/damage in Pre-game Lobby is the Leader, they make all the calls the team must follow all instructions.
Uber: Player with the least kills/damage in Pre-game Lobby is the Uber driver and the rest of the team can only change location using the Uber.
One chest challenge: The first chest is the only one you're allowed to use the entire game. No floorloot or corpse loot. (Only for guns)
Stalker: You must follow the edge of the Gas the entire game.
To the Moon: You cannot use any attachments that help recoil control.
Dead Eye: no scopes allowed on loadout guns.
Aquaphobia: Fear of water. Any river or lake you must avoid.
LEYROY JENKINS: Don't stop running. Simple
Ultimate Distraction: All players run Decoy grenades and throw all of them when in a fight.
Number 1 teammate: No useful callouts. ("They're over there", "That way" etc)
Free Ride: Use the train for as long as possible.
Save the planet: Only use EVs and recharge them whenever you can.
King of the hill: Get a Most Wanted Contract, and sit at the top of the tallest place (building/terrain)
Peaky Bliders: Blinder/Concussion grenades. As many as possible. Make them regret having eyes.
Danger Zone: All lethal killsteaks (Mortor Strike, Air strike), must be placed at players feet. Can you out run it?
Michael Jackson: You can only go through doors backwards. Only drive/Fly backwards.
I can see you: Equip Spotter Scopes in loadout.You can only then ping through the spotter scope or gun scopes.
I CAN SMELL YOU: Tear gas everyone. Sniff them out and kill them.
Cheapskape: No loadout. Simple