Choke on it: No using Gas Masks
The Amish: No using field upgrades
Judge, Jury and Executioner: No buying back teammates
Prison Snake: If sent to the gulag you must lay down and crawl for the duration of your fight.
EMP: No killstreaks (ex: no UAV, cluster strikes, etc)
Lucky Duck: No special rules.
Choose Wisely: You can only loot one house/building (can loot bodies).
Respect the Dead: No looting bodies.
Grounded: You can only loot the bottom story/floor of any building/house/structure.
Vehicular Manslaughter: If you are in a vehicle you must attempt run over any player you see.
Stay Low: You can only move around when crouched, prone or in a vehicle.
Cop Mode: you cannot shoot at someone until they start shooting at you.
Bird Watcher: You must go to every loadout drop you see falling.
Slim Pickings: You can only loot loadout drops, get a vehicle and find that drop.
Gephyrophobia: You are deathly afraid of bridges, you must swim or go around when you encounter a bridge
Heads Up: You must fire at least 3 warning shots close to the enemy before hitting them.
Viking Funeral: If you have a Molotov you must throw it on an enemies body after downing them in order to send them to Valhalla.
Afraid of heights: you can't go above the first story of any building.
Spread Out: If in a group, all party members must pick separate locations to drop and then meet up.
Carpooling Sucks: If in a group, everyone must drive their own vehicle.
xxXMontageXxx: If you have a scoped weapon, you must do a 360 before you can shoot.
Roadrage: Only vehicle kills, no guns or grenades.
Paraglider: Jump in the middle of the plane path and pull your chute straight away. Glide to the furthest point away from the path.
Blitz: Jump as soon as possible and dive straight down. Then hunt other players as fast as possible with your pistol
Silence is Golden: No speaking to teammates only can communicate through in game movements.
Farmer: Jump from plane with the AFK'ers.
Low Profile: While moving on foot you can only crawl. (Once stationary any stance is allowed. Vehicles allowed.)
Vape Nation: You must throw a smoke grenade every time you see an enemy.
Switch It Up: Every time you kill someone, you have to switch your weapon that you used to kill them, with one of their weapons.
Lounge Chair: you can only get kills from a vehicle (no roadkill's, shooting from a seat)
Suppressed Only: Whichever suppressed weapon you find first is now the only weapon you can use.
Grave Robber: You can only keep what you kill (After the first gas circle you can only loot dead bodies you've killed).
Beware the man with one gun, he knows how to use it: Only use one gun.
Stay Quiet: You're only allowed to use a weapon if they have a suppressor.
Hot Potato: Every grenade you see(frag, flash ,smoke, & molotov) you must pick up and immediately throw it .
Entamaphobia: Cannot open doors, must either loot open structures or doors already open
Hey That's Mine: you and your squad have to find a vehicle and guard it with your lives. If an enemy takes it you have to commit suicide.
Trigger happy: You can only use the full automatic on weapons (if they have it) and once you start firing you can't stop un till your mag is empty.
Death from Above: Take the first helicopter you see and hunt people down with it.
Fly Swatter: Your sole goal in life is to take down every helicopter you see.
Why did the chicken do it: Any time you cross a road you must crouch across.
Fisherman: Anytime you cross a river, you must lay down and say hello to the fishies.
King of the hill: Find the tallest point in each zone and camp it.
Follow the Leader: Player with the most Kills in Pre-game Lobby is the Leader, they make all the calls the team must follow all instructions.
Same wavelength: No pinging, saying directions or call-outs.
Uber: Use random number generator to assign Des, they are only allowed to drive and the rest of the team can only change location using the Uber.
The Floor is Lava: Touch the floor and you have to kill yourself ASAP
One chest challenge: The first chest is the only one you're allowed to use the entire game. No floorloot or corpse loot.
Dogfight: All land on planes, Last player in the sky wins.
Ultimate protection: Combat Shield and Riot Shield, the rest is up to you.
Stalker: You must follow the edge of the Gas the entire game.
Man Made: You cannot walk on the ground, only roads, buildings and concrete. Vehicles allowed.
To the Moon: You cannot use any attachments that help recoil control.
Red light, green light: One player says green light or red light all players must obey.
Simon Says: Use random number generator to choose Simon, can be anything, at any point in the game. 
Dead Eye: no scopes allowed on loadout guns.
Aquaphobia: Fear of water. Any river or lake you must avoid.
LEYROY JENKINS: Don't stop running. Simple
HypeMan: Use random number generator to assign HypeMan, They can only use pistols and must always provide moral support.
Michael Jackson: You must walk backwards until someone gets downed, then you can move normally until each fight is over.
COVID: You must stay apart from each other, only one person per building, no sharing vehicles.
Ultimate Distraction: All players run Decoy grenades and throw all of them when in a fight.
Pea Shooter: All guns must get switched to single fire.
Style points: Wear your headset backwards.